# Summary

The Business problem is that Home Credit wants to be able to accurately predict potential new client’s abilities to repay loans. 
Home Credit hopes to provide a positive lending experience to the unbaked by sheltering them from predatory lending arrangements.

# Solution

Our group's solution was a gradient boosted model as well as a profit and loss table generated from the AUC curve of this model that will allow Home Credit to make informed decision based on it's real world data.
The profit and loss table is generated by inputs for cost of approving defaulters, cost of rejecting non defaulters, and profit from approving non defaulters. These inputs can be changed by the user
to accurately represent Home Credit real data. We believe this dynamic approach is best because it will allow Home Credit to visualize how their financials are changing over time and make necessary adjustments.

# My Contributions

My contribution was to create 3 of my own original models from the cleaned training data. I created a logistic regression model, a random forest, and a gradient boosted model.
Additionally, I was the leader in identifying areas for potential feature generation, and solutions for missing data. I also wrote the code to develop the profit and loss tables and curve.

# Business Value

The business value from the projects stems from Home Credit having enhanced ability to provide loans to the unbanked community, while still identifying those who are most likely to default.
The combination of these two insights will allow Home Credit to increase revenue from loan interest, minimize liability from default, and provide a service to a vulnerable community simultaneously. 

# Difficulties

One of the biggest challenges we had was cleaning the data set. There was a large amount of missing data, and we needed to identify solutions for cleaning the data that would not distort the signal in the data.
Additionally, there was an enormous amount of columns in the data set. We believed that this would harm the interpretability of our model, so we needed to work to identify the most relevant features without losing 
predictive power.

# Takeaways

I learned a lot about how to generate features to minimize data leakage, as well as proper techniques for cleaning data. I was able to hone my R coding skills, and I gained a wealth of knowledge of new R packages
to assist in data modeling. I learned a lot about the fundamentals of concepts such as cross validation, AUC, and down sampling. I gained valuable leadership and group collaboration skills, and I gained real world 
experience with presenting a business problem and solution to an audience of stakeholders. It is important to be able to present actionable insights from data without getting too bogged down by technical jargon.
